README.md, before:

*This is the new version of Sopharahsis, for the old version that used DBM, see ARCHIVE branch*

# What is Sopharahsis?
Sopharahsis is a multi-function Discord bot that you can use in servers or in DM's. It includes utility, moderation, and fun commands as of now. Sopharahsis is also built with server security in mind, meaning you only need to give it Read/Send message permissions, and give it more permissions as you go along. You can check the wiki for permissions that Sopharahsis needs for commands.

# What is Sopharahsis made in?
Sopharahsis is made in Javascript
- Node v8.11.1
- Discord.JS v11.5

# Can I suggest new features/report bugs?
Absolutely! Just create a new issue on this repository, and let me know what should be fixed or added! You can also personally message me on Discord: Mahlarian#1621

# Can I use this source for my bot?
Yes! You are more than welcome to look at the code and use it as an example for your bot. You can even copy the commands and use them in your own bot, as long as you attach the license below to your project and give me credit.

To get started, copy this branch and rename `config_example.json` to `config.json`. Make sure to go through it quickly and set everything to your liking. Run the bot, and you should be good to go!

# License 

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Mahlarian

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add discontinuation notice
Project is no longer maintained

README.md, after:

# This project is discontinued
This repository will remain up as an archive, but no updates are planned and the discord bot client has been offline for years. Thanks for your interest.


# What is Sopharahsis?
Sopharahsis is a multi-function Discord bot that you can use in servers or in DM's. It includes utility, moderation, and fun commands as of now. Sopharahsis is also built with server security in mind, meaning you only need to give it Read/Send message permissions, and give it more permissions as you go along. You can check the wiki for permissions that Sopharahsis needs for commands.

# What is Sopharahsis made in?
Sopharahsis is made in Javascript
- Node v8.11.1
- Discord.JS v11.5

# Can I suggest new features/report bugs?
Absolutely! Just create a new issue on this repository, and let me know what should be fixed or added! You can also personally message me on Discord: Mahlarian#1621

# Can I use this source for my bot?
Yes! You are more than welcome to look at the code and use it as an example for your bot. You can even copy the commands and use them in your own bot, as long as you attach the license below to your project and give me credit.

To get started, copy this branch and rename `config_example.json` to `config.json`. Make sure to go through it quickly and set everything to your liking. Run the bot, and you should be good to go!

# License 

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Mahlarian

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
